Review website and suggest improvements (#12)
gutz-analytics/gutz-analytics.github.io: _services/service2.md

---
title: "Phase 3 Trial De-Risking"
date: 2018-11-18T12:33:46+10:00
weight: 1
---
Increase Phase 3 success probability by designing companion diagnostics to identify and enrich for patient responders before your trial begins.

### Pre-Trial Patient Stratification
Design multi-omics companion diagnostics before Phase 3 to identify which patients will respond to your therapy. Enrich enrollment for responder populations, increasing statistical power and probability of trial success.

**The Challenge:**
Phase 3 trials fail at rates exceeding 50%, often due to patient heterogeneity masking treatment effects in responsive subpopulations. Average Phase 3 costs range from $100M-$300M.

**Our Solution:**
Leverage the Dynomics platform to analyze Phase 1/2 data or existing datasets, identifying multi-omics biomarkers that predict treatment response. Design companion diagnostics for prospective patient selection in Phase 3.

### Therapeutic Area Applications

**Oncology:**

> Your checkpoint inhibitor shows 35% response in Phase 2. We develop microbiome-based companion diagnostics to enrich for responders, targeting 60%+ response rate in Phase 3 enrollment.

Author: ```suggestion
Your checkpoint inhibitor shows 35% response in Phase 2. We develop multi-omics-based companion diagnostics to enrich for responders, targeting 60%+ response rate in Phase 3 enrollment.
```

**Autoimmune:**
Your biologic for autoimmune disease shows variable response. We identify multi-omics signatures predicting responders, enabling stratified enrollment and improved trial outcomes.

**Neurological:**
Your CNS drug demonstrates efficacy in patient subsets. We leverage gut-brain axis biomarkers to stratify patients, enriching for those most likely to respond.

### Multi-Omics Integration Advantage

> Integrate all available data types—microbiome, metabolomics, genomics, transcriptomics, and clinical parameters. Our exponential accuracy scaling (2x omics → 5x forecasting accuracy) ensures robust patient stratification.

Author: ```suggestion
Integrate all available data types—microbiome, metabolomics, proteomics, genomics, transcriptomics, and clinical parameters. Our exponential accuracy scaling (2x omics → 5x forecasting accuracy) ensures robust patient stratification.
```
